update README for email triggering instructions (#2285)
mozilla/blurts-server: README.md

   npm run db:migrate
   ```

#### Trigger Breach Alert Email

> Breach alert emails are triggered via HIBP which, for dev purposes, is set up to work with a [Mailinator](https://www.mailinator.com) email account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breach alert emails are triggered via HIBP. For dev purposes, we can trigger them ourselves to send to a [Mailinator](https://www.mailinator.com) email address.
```

To set up your environment for email testing with Mailinator:

> 1. In your .env file, confirm or add values for `SMTP_URL`, `EMAIL_FROM`, `HIBP_KANON_API_TOKEN`, and `HIBP_API_TOKEN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your .env file, confirm or add values for `SMTP_URL`, `EMAIL_FROM`, `HIBP_KANON_API_TOKEN`, and `HIBP_API_TOKEN` (Ask for values in #fx-monitor-engineering)
```

> 2. If you don't have a local FxA account, sign up on localhost.  You'll need to ensure `FXA_ENABLED=true` and confirm/add the value for `OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in your .env file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you don't have a local FxA account, sign up on localhost.  You'll need to ensure `FXA_ENABLED=true` and confirm/add the value for `OAUTH_CLIENT_SECRET` in your .env file. (Ask in #fx-monitor-engineering)
```

3. Start/restart your server

> 4. Login to your Monitor account in-browser, and add localmonitor20200827@mailinator.com to list of monitored email addresses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Login to your Monitor account at http://localhost:6060/, and scroll to the bottom of [your dashboard](http://localhost:6060/user/dashboard) to add localmonitor20200827@mailinator.com to your list of monitored email addresses
```

> 5. In your Monitor settings (in-browser), make sure notification preferences specify "Send breach alerts to the affected email address" (should be default).  This will send the alert to the Mailinator account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In your [Monitor settings](http://localhost:6060/user/dashboard), make sure notification preferences specify "Send breach alerts to the affected email address" (should be default).  This will send the alert to the Mailinator account.
```
